DOCS-5271 Exchange: 2019-06-19 updates (#827)
mulesoft/docs-release-notes: modules/ROOT/pages/exchange/anypoint-exchange-release-notes.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

== June 2019

=== New Features

> * Simplify interface by showing only applicable links. (EXC-3759)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simplify interface by showing only applicable links in Studio experience. (EXC-3759)
```

> * Prevent permissions errors by making only viewable assets clickable. (EXC-3607)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent permissions errors by making only viewable assets clickable in asset dependencies table. (EXC-3607)
```

* A user viewing assets by business group who selects a different business group sees the new group and not the master organization. (EXC-3430)

> * A user who clicks a category or tag sees matching assets from all business groups. (EXC-3219)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A user who clicks a category or tag sees matching assets from all business groups and assets provided by Mulesoft. (EXC-3219)
```

* Notify users who reach the rate limit for an API. (EXC-2991)

=== Fixed in this Release

* Images uploaded after May 31st, 2019 now render correctly on the MuleSoft public portal. (EXC-3793)
* Users can view images on custom pages in a public portal in all cases. (EXC-3669)

> * Category names can include the slash and backslash characters (`/` and `\`). Users are now able to delete category names containing these characters. (EXC-3662)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This one need a second part done before it's fully fixed. Let's remove it

* Users editing one page can discard those changes and create a second page. (EXC-3642)

> * Improved error message for attempts to use Maven to publish a new version of a REST API created in Exchange, since REST APIs are not one of the asset types Maven can publish. (EXC-3511)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved error message for attempts to use Maven to publish a new version with a different asset type of a REST API created in Exchange, since asset type cannot be changed. (EXC-3511)
```

> * Users uploading a file can change the asset type without uploading the file again. Exchange re-validates the file. (EXC-3503)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When creating a new asset, users uploading a file can change the asset type without uploading the file again. Exchange re-validates the file. (EXC-3503)
```
